feat: Add helper methods to determine interactions integrations (#2659)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  `Permissions.use_external_sounds` and
  `Permissions.view_creator_monetization_analytics`.
  ([#2620](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2620))

> - Added helper methods to determine an `Interaction` integration type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added helper methods to determine an `Interaction`'s integration type.
```

> - Added helper methods to determine an `Interaction`'s integration type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added helper methods to determine the integration type of an `Interaction`.
```

Reviewer: ambiguous punctuation

> - Added helper methods to determine the integration type of an `Interaction`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added helper methods to determine the authorising party of an `Interaction`.
```

> - Added helper methods to determine the authorising party of an `Interaction`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added helper methods to determine the authorizing party of an `Interaction`.
```
